OUR SERVICES
by ADMIN on MAY 5, 2014
Among the conditions our endocrinologists diagnose and treat are:

Adrenal disease
Calcium and parathyroid disease
Diabetes
Gynecomastia in men (development of mammary glands)
Hirsutism in women
Hormone replacement
Impotence and libido problems
Lipid disorders
Male infertility
Menstrual disorders
Obesity
Osteoporosis
Paget’s disease of the bone
Pituitary and hypothalamic disorders
Secondary hypertension
Thyroid diseases and thyroid cancer

Dr Grace Matta is a diplomate of the American Board of Endocrinology, Diabetes and Metabolism.

She completed her residency training in Internal Medicine at Maricopa Medical Center in Phoenix, Arizona.  Following her residency, she worked for three years as an internal medicine attending at Maricopa Medical Center and then completed an Endocrinology fellowship at the VA medical center/Banner Good Samaritan.  She has been practicing as an endocrinologist since 2001.

She is a member of the Endocrine Society, American association of clinical of endocrinologists, and the American diabetes association. She serves as a clinical professor for University of Arizona medical students and proctors endocrinology fellows.

Dr. Matta’s passion for medicine has earned her the Resident of the Year Award from Maricopa Medical Center and she has been recognized by her peers in the Phoenix Magazine as Top Doc.


Dr. Iyad Syoufi has been caring for his patients since he completed his residency training in Internal Medicine at St. John Hospital and Medical Center in Detroit, Michigan. He worked for four years as a hospitalist at Banner Good Samaritan Hospital in Phoenix, Arizona.
Dr. Syoufi completed his Endocrinology fellowship at the University of Arizona and now a diplomate of the American Board of Endocrinology, Diabetes and Metabolism. He is a member of the Endocrine Society and American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists.


Laura Nolan RN, CDE, CPT is a diabetes nurse specialist for ABC Diabetes Consultants.  Her responsibilities include professional and patient education in Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes, diabetes in pregnancy, insulin pump therapy and continuous glucose monitoring technology.  She has been training patients with diabetes since 1981.  Ms. Nolan received her nursing degree in Arizona and has been a certified diabetes educator since 1986.  Laura adds a personal touch with her patients as she has also had Type 1 diabetes since 1973 and has worn an insulin pump since 1980.  She has been our Team Captain for the American Diabetes Association Step Out to Fight Diabetes walk for many years.
